=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Devel::INC::Sorted - Keep your hooks in the beginning of @INC

=head1 VERSION

version 0.03

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	use Devel::INC::Sorted qw(inc_add_floating);

	inc_add_floating( \&my_inc_hook );
	unshift @INC, \&other_hook;

	use lib 'blah';

	push @INC, 'foo';

	warn $INC[0]; # this is still \&my_inc_hook
	warn $INC[3]; # but \&other_hook was moved down to here

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module keeps C<@INC> sorted much like L<Tie::Array::Sorted>.

The default comparison operator partitions the members into floating and non floating,
allowing you to easily keep certain hooks in the beginning of C<@INC>.

The sort used is a stable one, to make sure that the order of C<@INC> for
unsorted items remains unchanged.

=head1 EXPORTS

All exports are optional

=over 4

=item inc_add_floating

Add entries to C<@INC> and call C<inc_float_entry> on them.

=item inc_float_entry

Mark the arguments as floating (in the internal hashref).

=item inc_unfloat_entry

Remove the items from the hash.

=item untie_inc

Untie C<@INC>, leaving all it's current elements in place. Further
modifications to C<@INC> will not cause resorting to happen.

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Devel-INC-Sorted>
(or L<bug-Devel-INC-Sorted@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Devel-INC-Sorted@rt.cpan.org>).

=head1 AUTHOR

יובל קוג'מן (Yuval Kogman) <nothingmuch@woobling.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2008 by יובל קוג'מן (Yuval Kogman).

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
